Add docs for storage version two (#70)
spheronFdn/docs: pages/sdk/browser.mdx

You need to [Create an Access Token](/rest-api/#creating-an-access-token) to create the client.

<Callout type="info">
  - For `>=2.0.0` versions, Please choose `storage` type in the dashboard while generating the Access Token.

>   - For `<2.0.0` versions, Please choose `web app` type in the dashboard while generating the Access Token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For `<2.0.0` versions, Please choose `static site` type in the dashboard while generating the Access Token.
```
